[Alerts][Docs] Alert types doc update. Added refs to applications specific alerts groups. (#91787)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/alert-types.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[alert-types]]
== Alert types

{kib} supplies alert types in two ways: some are built into {kib} (these are known as stack alerts), while domain-specific alert types are registered by {kib} apps.

=== Standard stack alert types

This section covers stack alerts.
Users will need `all` access to the *Stack Alerts* feature to be able to create and edit any of the alerts listed below.
See <<kibana-feature-privileges, feature privileges>> for more information on configuring roles that provide access to this feature. 

Currently {kib} provides two stack alerts: <<alert-type-index-threshold>> and <<alert-type-es-query>>.

=== Domain-specific alert types

For domain-specific alert types, refer to the documentation for that app.
Currently we the next alerts grouped by the application:

> * <<{observability-guide}/create-alerts.html, Observability alerts>>

Reviewer: Formatting for Observability and Security links looks off. It is showing the full URL instead of a link

[role="xpack"]
[[alert-types]]

> == Alert types

Reviewer 2: What do you think about removing the word "type" from the headings.  I don't feel that it adds any value.  So the navigation would look like this:

+ Actions and connectors
+ Alerts
    Index threshold
    ES query

Author: I think it should say something about the different 'Types of alerts'.. Maybe keeping this as it is should be fine.

> {kib} supplies alert types in two ways: some are built into {kib} (these are known as stack alerts), while domain-specific alert types are registered by {kib} apps.

Reviewer 2: I'd format this as follows"

Kibana provides two types of alerts:

- Stack alerts, which are built into {kib}
- Domain-specific alerts, which are registered by {kib} apps.

[float]

> ==== Standard stack alert types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Standard stack alerts
```

> This section covers stack alerts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Users will need `all` access to the *Stack Alerts* feature to be able to create and edit any of the alerts listed below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Users require the `all` privilege to access to the *Stack Alerts* feature and create and edit alerts. .
```

> See <<kibana-feature-privileges, feature privileges>> for more information on configuring roles that provide access to this feature. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See <<kibana-feature-privileges, feature privileges>> for more information. 
```

> Currently {kib} provides two stack alerts: <<alert-type-index-threshold>> and <<alert-type-es-query>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{kib} provides two stack alerts: 

* <<alert-type-index-threshold>>
* <<alert-type-es-query>>

```

Reviewer 2: Should the geo alert be added to this list?

Author: No, I spoke with Maps team and they want it to be separately, because they are planning more alerts types for Maps.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, this was awkward when I was doing the docs from the geo side too. On one hand, Geo Containment is a stack alert and I expect the next one, Geo Proximity, will be one too. It's possible we'll do more beyond this but that's TBD. They're distinct from other stack alerts in that they're geo-specific and require a Gold+ license, however I'm aware that's not something we need to distinguish in the docs. I guess I'm flexible in where and how we list them. @gchaps you probably have the best bird's eye view on docs. Any recommendations here?

Reviewer 2: Let's get this PR out and then review the placement of the geo alert at a later date.

[float]

> ==== Domain-specific alert types

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Domain-specific alerts
```

> For domain-specific alert types, refer to the documentation for that app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For domain-specific alerts, refer to the documentation for that app.
```

> Currently we the next alerts grouped by the application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{kib} supports these alerts:
```

* {observability-guide}/create-alerts.html[Observability alerts]
* {security-guide}/prebuilt-rules.html[Security alerts]
* <<geo-alerting, Maps alerts>>
* <<xpack-ml, ML alerts>>

> include::stack-alerts/index-threshold.asciidoc[]

Reviewer 2: Index threshold and ES query should be under the Alert types topic.
